From Hansel minutes.com. It's Hanselman.
It's our weekly discussion with
web developer and technologist Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number one 84. Recorded
live Wednesday, October 14th, 2009. Support for
Hanselman it's just provided by
teller RD controls the most
comprehensive suite of components for
windows forms and asp.net web
applications. online@wwwdottelerik.com. In this episode,
Scott talks with Microsoft program
managers, Scott Hunter. Hi, this is
Scott here. That's amazing. This
is another episode of Hansel
minutes and I'm here on
the Microsoft campus today, actually
on the third floor of
building 42. And I'm sitting
down with Scott Hunter program manager
on the asp.net team. An
individual who's obviously changed his
name to Scott because you,
you have to be named
Scott to work for Microsoft.
Yes. If you want to
be on the third floor
of building 42, your name
must be Scott, but actually
that's not true because now
I'm actually Hunter because there's
so many, so many Scouts
on the floor that I
am now a Hunter. That's
pretty good. That's a cool
name. And so for people
out there, you have to
realize that Scott Guthrie's on
this floor, the goo the
goo, are you the who?
That could be a thing.
We could make that a
thing actually I'm Scott who
actually tends to are Scott
who, because I'm Scott. Huh?
So we have hoo ha
and goo, and then Phil
hack when we were in
Norway, we were the haha
brothers. Yes. It's just lovely.
Crazy. So you guys have
been working really hard in
visual studio, 2010. And as
soon we're going to see
a beta to some point
in the future. What are
some of the things that
are going into asp.net for
that people should want to
look for? When, when beta
two comes out? The main
things that we're trying to,
you know, look at, look
at for Danette for is
we've really been trying to
address pain points for customers.
That's probably been our number
one item is to go
look at things like client
IDs, view, state, and what
we rendered as markups. You
know, there's lots of things
that ESPN it's rendered and
people go, I can't turn
that market off. Why is
it rendering that stuff? So
we did a lot of
work in those three kind
of pillar areas, but really
done it for, for our
team has been trying to
address customer pain points. That's
been number one and all
these legacy problems that have
been around for a long
time. And we've been trying
to address a lot of
those. Now these are legacy
problems because Dutton at three,
five and three Oh and
two, Oh, those are all
kind of in the same
CLR. But some people I
think have figured out by
now that.net four is going
to be a side by
side release. It's going to
be a kind of a
lateral thing. You can have
two Oh and four running
on the same machine, right?
That's correct. So that's one
of the benefits of D
of, of dotnet for is
the fact that it's a
brand new CLR and just
the act of installing it
on your box will not
break any application on your
box because all your applications
on your box that are
already running, you know, dotnet
two or.net three, five will
continue to run those, those
versions exactly. As they are
today, you'll have to manually
go to a website and
move it to.net for if
you want to start taking
advantages of some of the
features in dinette for, So
they're not going to automatically
upgrade my websites. No. Okay.
So if I have a
server, let's say that's runs
one, one, two, and four.
Oh, I can do that.
I can have them all
running side by side. That's
correct. You could have one
server and it could be
one web application running one.
Oh, you could have one
running two. Oh, it could
have one running for, Oh.
And they would all not
touch, touch each other at
all, or have any side
effects on each other. So,
Okay. Now and that, and
that's because of the side
by side sealer aspect of
things, because this is truly
a separate installation of a
seat. That's correct. So if
you go look in your
windows, microsoft.net directory under the
frameworks, there'll be a framework
directory in there. And you'll
see a brand new FORO
directory with all the assemblies
and stuff. And so that
those are only for four
of brand new. Now, did
that mean you got to
break stuff like, does this
mean like the asp.net team
is like, Ooh, it's separate.
We can break stuff now.
Like stuff you want it
to break, You would still
wish we could break more
stuff. You know, that, that's
one of the things that
I think that frustrates us
as, as employees of Microsoft
is, you know, one of
the benefits for our customers
is that we, we go
out of our way not
to break people's software, but
at the same time, I
think that hampers our library
as well, where sometimes I
feel like, you know, God,
we have these legacy problems
that we can't fix because
fixing them fundamentally is gonna
break other, you know, break
people's applications. But FORO does
allow us a little bit
more leeway. Leeway is the
right word yet to break
things because obviously the installation
of that on the box
is not going to break
any applications that are already
on the box. And we,
we have done a few
breaking changes in.net for That's
cool. I mean, I think
that's great. I mean, I
know that most applications that
I've upgraded, I haven't had
any problem, but if it
is a breaking change and
it's written down and there's
some flag, then I can
put it back into legacy
mode. That's that's cool too.
Yeah. So we're actually going
to have a document that
we're gonna try to get
released right around the time
beta two comes out, which
actually lists all these breaking
changes and you know, the
knobs and switches you can
use to turn these things
on and off. The biggest
one I think will affect
a customer moving forward is
we added a, what we
call rendering compatibility mode. And
what this allows us to
do is basically say, I
want the application to render
using the FORO rendering versus
I want the application to
render, render of using the
three, five rendering. And we
use this switch particularly to
go, and there were some,
some controls that we had
that just admitted stuff without
you asking. I mean, if
you put an image, you're
gonna get a border. Yeah.
Cozy, right. Admitted a kind
way to put it. If
you, if you threw a
table out there with a
rented equals Rentokil service, like
in a grid view or
something you got like once
again, border equals zero various
little attributes that were scattered
all over the place and
put on things and, and,
you know, frustrate your customers
when there's no way physically,
there's no way to turn
these things off. And so
when you move an application
to FORO by default, those
things will all disappear. If
you want to put them
back on, you can go
sit in weapon, figure, you
can go set rendering compatibility
mode to three, five, and
you'll get that legacy rendering.
Okay. So for the most
part, I won't mind that
if these little kind of
widgets, but in some obscure
case, I might be counting
on that weirdness. Exactly. I
expect some small, you know,
styling type, you know, effects
that people might have very
small breaking things. It wouldn't
be something huge where your
whole page snapped and skewed
sideways or something like that.
But I would, I could
see some, you know, some
little spacing issues and stuff
like that. Yeah. You just
put the skewed sideways flag
to false and everything is
great. Now I was talking
to a couple of people
for these channel nine videos
that I was doing. And
they were saying that you
actually went through a bunch
of really old controls, like
the wizard control. And when
I say really old, I
mean, I wasn't, I mean,
I didn't use them in
the last couple of years,
but some people will base
their whole system on like
the wizard control, but now
it, it can emit clean
markup. Yeah. There was, there
was two areas that I
think fundamentally got mighty confused
developer stays. We have in
the, when these, when these
controls came out, we actually
had these templates. So you
could actually, you know, templatize
a control, which sounds like
you're getting, I'm giving you
the power to fully templatize
your control. Right. But even
in those cases, you would
still find out that, well,
I did, I wrote my
own template, but ESPN, it
was kind enough to wrap
it into a table with
a Tiara and a TD.
Thank you, ASP that, and
I don't want that. So
we put in some flags
that turn that stuff off
so you can turn that
off. And then we took
some controls, the wizards, a
great control. And one of
the reasons we attack the
wizard is because of another
thing we did in four,
which is we have brand
new web form templates. And
these brand new web form
templates have a full in
Template. Just to be clear
if that's, when you say
file new project. Yes. I'm
talking about a project project
template. Okay. Yes. We added
project templates. Okay. And when
we go to the process
of adding these new project
templates, I want to support
things like users, being able
to log in. I want
people to create new accounts.
We put these in the
new web form templates, project
templates, because these features can
be complicated to turn on.
So we thought we turn
them on by default and
you can remove them if
you want. But another act
of part of, of, of
these new templates is we
want them to pass validation.
So if you, if you
go to the WTC and
try to validate your, your
website, we want these things
to pass. And so part
of the work that was
done on these controls was
explicitly because they are used
in these new templates and
we want them to validate
properly. So the new templates
will actually show all these
new flags and operation we'll
have the outer tables turned
off, we'll be using some
of the new templates that
allow you to template, template,
size, parts of these controls
that you can not have
templatize before. And so you'll
actually see quite a bit
of that CSS work in
these new templates. You see
the new menu control, you'll
see the create user wizard,
which is based on the
wizard. Yeah. And you're going
to see some login controls
and stuff like that that
are all utilizing this new,
these new features to, to
admit really cleaning up. And
it sounds like everybody had
a part in that. Like
I was talking to Phil
yesterday and he went off
and I think he doing
the menu control. So that
was not like one person
that was like every PM
took a piece to try
to bring it into the
present day. Exactly. It was
it's, you know, it's, once
again, it's a team thing
here. So everybody goes, you
know, I think sometimes the
outside people go, Oh, Phil
is the NBC guy. Right,
right. I'm not feels working
on web web forms. Controls
Phil works in web forums.
I mean, he worked on
data annotations. He's worked on
the menu control and various
other aspects of ASP net.
So in fact, comically enough,
Phil was one of the
guys that was actually responsible
for coming up with a
list of things that were
wrong with the controls. Well,
it feels pretty hardcore. He
likes his markup clean. He
does. And he probably wouldn't
be satisfied unless it was
fixed. So one of the
things that was really cool,
that that I saw was
that David Ebo showed me
a dotnet to app that
did things kind of the
older style way. It did
like, like, you know, old
style data access in inline
sequel spit it into a
data grid, but it was,
you know, it was the
way we wrote applications five
years ago. And then he
added dynamic data to it.
Now a lot of people
have looked at dynamic data
and they think it's like,
Oh, look, free admin site.
And they thought of dynamic
data as being like a
pillar in the sense of
web forums and VC dynamic
data. But he just went
and said enabled dynamic data
on this grid view. And
then he didn't have to
add anything. He didn't go
in a web config. I
mean, he didn't add any
references. So it kind of
turned my perception of what
dynamic data is on its
head. So what's, what's going
on. Let me call that.
That makes me want to
call out a couple points.
Okay. So one of the
things you're going to see
and for O r.net for,
I should say the, Oh,
is not supposed to be
there. Just say that actually
that's funny, just.net for people.
So when you, when you,
when you see.net for one
of the things that we
did is we modified web
config. So if you do
an empty, empty, empty project,
you're going to see a
weapon figure. It's got about
10 lines of web config
now. And part of the
things that we didn't in
the process of doing that
is we took a lot
of the assemblies that we
think you might want by
default and move them into
root config. And so things
like dynamic data routing that
used to have to go
Ajax that used to go
and have to put in
web config, right? Or now
in your root config. And
the fact that we can
put them in root config,
then allows me to sit
there and say, Hey, I
want to go enable this
for any website. Now there's
this new switch called enabled
dynamic data. And let me
see, can I tell you
the story about how we
got there was, we were
sitting in a room with,
with Scott Guthrie one day, the
goo, and he asked a
question. He goes, Hey, so
you know, these, we've got
these rich data controls, like
reviews and details using stuff.
Did we ever fix these
things? So if I put
bad data in, they just
work. Cause it's, it's kinda
funny. We have these controls
and you know, they do
paging, they do editing do
inserting deleting. They do all
these common operations, but you,
you go in there and
put a bad value in
a cell press return and
you get the yellow screen
of death, right. Telling you
that I put string is
on the correct format exit.
Yeah. And we're like, you
know, that's one of the
things that dynamic data does.
And so what we did
is we added a new
switch called enabled dynamic data.
You use that on any
of the major controls, form
view details, you grid, view,
list, view, and just turn
it on. And by doing
that, you'll get automatic validation
for the types in your,
in your control. And it
means you could also use
all the annotations that we
have around validation. So if
you want to specify a
range, specify that something is
required, stuff like that, you
can go put those in
those annotations that we introduced
in three, five,  on
your, on your stuff. And
they'll just automatically work. Yeah.
And this was really interesting
because he did this with
data that wasn't really object
oriented and he didn't have
like an object for a
product. He just had basically
straight sequel old school style
into a grid, but it
worked right. He had a
system that worked, he didn't
want to break it. He
didn't want to convert it.
He just wanted to augment.
Yeah, That, that was, that
was some feedback we took
after three, five S P
one was we didn't get
exactly that as much a
use of dynamic data that
we thought we thought our
customers would actually be using
it more than, than they're
using it today. And I
think part of the reason
that is because if you
want to use dynamic data,
you had to start with
a brand new project templates.
And then you had to
be using LinkedIn SQL or
indeed your framework. We only
supported those two models because
those, those, those are worms
and dynamic data wanted a
full object model. And so
when we started looking at
a dinette four, we're like,
how can we enable dynamic
data for everybody? So I
can just take my existing
three, five app or my
two application at one line
of code one line of
code and get the benefits
of dynamic data. So I
no longer have to have
a dynamic data directory. I
an object model, be it
linked to SQL or any
framework I could just, I
could be binding directly to
an array of, of items,
or it could be something
from a SQL data source,
pretty much it doesn't care.
And so that, that was
one of our goals was
basically to be able to
say, Hey, let's make an
existing application better and not
have, have them have to
go through any hoops at
all. Hey everybody, this is
Scott coming at you from
another place in time. No
doubt. You'll probably bump into
testing tasks now, and then,
and your work and, you
know, writing functional tests is
probably not your favorite thing.
It's kind of difficult. It
takes time and the results
can be dubious. Well, get
ready to start liking tests.
Thanks to Tellerik with the,
the new webinar testing framework.
Building web automation test is
a breeze. You've got code
automation with advanced asp.net Ajax
and several light applications. You
can write a single test,
have it executed against multiple
browsers at once. You'd benefit
from a rich API there's
link support integration with visual
studio unit testing, also in
unit X unit and NBA
unit, not to mention the
free rappers for Telerik rad
controls for ESPN and Ajax,
and several light, all shipping
with Telerik's new testing tool.
One of the best features,
the web testing framework, which
is developed by art of
test is it's absolutely free.
Freddie got hooked on web
testing framework, start using it
right away, go to tellerik.com
for more info. Thanks a
lot, you know, and that
actually brings me to another
point that I've I've long
complained in presentations about the
file. New project dialogue always
has sense of like, all
right, pick your vocation. How
are you going to do
this? Right? And once you
hit, okay, you've made your
decision, right. File new project,
web forms, app, or file
new project dynamic data app.
It's like, okay, well you've
just headed in that direction
and you can never go
back. But now you can
turn on NBC dynamic data
at web forms in the
same app, which kind of
got me thinking about it.
It's more about asp.net. Like
there's like, I'm going to
sound cheesy marketing, like, but
it's like dutton@fourhasgotagreateremphasisonasp.net itself. And
not these kinds of sub
systems, I guess, is the
lack of better word. First
off. I think you bring
up a great point. I
think we, we still fail
on, on that file. New
project. It should be a
checkbox. Exactly. That was something
we wanted to address in
and, and vs 2010 and
did not get around to
doing it. We'd love to
be able to say that
you just say, Hey, I
want to start a new
website. And then you get
a, a dialogue box that
says here enable the features
that you wish Ideo.net data
services and a little of
this little, I want to
cafeteria. Exactly. I mean, it
should be, and you should
be able to bring that
up after the fact. So,
you know, just because I
didn't know, I wanted NBC
when I first started, I
can later on go, Hey,
I want to VC and
turn that on. You've heard
us saying this. We know,
Oh, we actually have a
feature that we were prototyping
called a, I think it
was called web enablement, web
enablement. Yes. Something crazy like
that where, but basically the
idea is basically what you're
saying. You know, I would
get a bunch of check
boxes and I could launch
it multiple times. And so
I don't, as you said,
it feels draconian. Now you
make this decision and then
if you want to start
off, you know, if you
want to change your decision,
start over. Sorry. Yeah. And,
and, and, you know, even
now you, you have to,
if you want to get
that dynamic data folder, where
does it come from? Right.
You have to bring it
in from another project. You
know, anytime a developer has
to hit beyond compare or
window to figure out what's
going on. It kind of,
it's a problem, but now
you can have an application
that is all of those
things. It's like an NBC
app. And it's an, it's
a dynamic data app and
a web forms yet kind
of all at the same
time. Yeah. Do you see
like more people doing hybrids?
Cause I get email, you
probably do too a couple
of times a week where
someone says, you know, please,
mr. Hanselman, we're about to
start a new project. Should
we use MVC or web
forums? And I said, I
cannot answer that question. I
need to know about the
kinds of data that you're
going to be doing. The
kinds of interactions, how important
is testability? I mean, there's,
you know, you know, the
whole list, the standard list,
what percentage of people do
you think would be using
hybrids? I think it is
increasing. I can see it.
It's interesting that you bring
that point up because I
actually just three or four
days ago actually had had
a customer come to me
with that exact question. They'd
actually built an MVC application
and they put a dynamic
data backend on it for
their administration. And you know,
we're asking, is this a
valid way to build equity?
I've done that. Actually. It's
funny that you mentioned that
I did a project with
a friend of mine where
the whole backend was dynamic
data, web forums and the
whole front end was NBC
just because it was faster.
But then I realized if
I looked at some of
the stuff in NBC two
and done some of the
cogeneration, I could have potentially
generated the backend. And then
I got a little paralyzed
because there's so many different
options on the way I
could have, I could have
achieved the same goal with
a number of different technologies.
I had to decide whether
or not it was speed
of initial implementation versus potentially
how hard it was to
maintain it. It's hard to
make these decisions. Yeah. That's
and I'd actually argue that
something where we're not the
best at actually describing to
our customers, what technology choice
should you make at the
right times? I mean, that's
something that I think we
still need to get better
at is when should I
choose linked to sequel or
NG framework versus writing my
SQL myself? When should I
choose NBC over web forms?
Or should I just put
them both in the same
project? I mean, there's all
these questions and, and you
know, I hope in the
future, we can get better
at providing guidance on the
path you go down. But
as you said, that, that,
that works great. You can
put all these things together
in the same project and
things will work perfect together.
So yeah, No, I reckon
you're bringing stuff in though
from like, like jQuery ship
with NBC, but I noticed,
and maybe I shouldn't say
this, but I was peeking
over your shoulder when you
went, found a new project
on a, an early build
here. And I saw J
query inside of web forms,
project you and file new
project and J Craig and
that, cause I guess we're
shipping it anyway. Yeah. We
w why don't we give
the love to web forums
as well? Yeah. That's one
of the things that, you
know, you mentioned earlier that
it looks like we have
these like pillars of technologies,
like NBC or dynamic data
or web forms. And one
of the things that I
like to say, we try
not to be pillared. It
might look that way just
because of the way we
release things. You know, MVC
was releases an add band
release, dynamic data was part
of a service pack, right?
So it kind of holds
our hands on how we're
allowed to build a framework,
but, you know, dot net
for comes down the path.
And then suddenly we can
take routing that used to
be this thing that kind
of NBC had put it
directly in the framework, give
full support to it for
web forms as well. So
now you can use routing
against all those things, right?
We've taken the ideas, dynamic
data, brought this notion of
having attributes from data annotations
that you could put on
your object model. And we
would do validation. Well, NBC
two is coming down the
pipe and wow. It takes
advantage of this, these same
things as well. So you're,
we're trying to blur things
together and make it feel
like more of we're building
a platform than we are
building pillars of stuff. So
the idea is ASP net
enables you to do dynamic
data type things, whether you're
using NBC, you're using web
forms and there's some other
work going on where you
can actually use these same
mechanisms inside of Silverlight as
well. So it's not about
really. Yeah. Yeah. It's not
about a particular technology. It's
it's about being consistent. Well,
so there's a whole class
of people out there that
maybe want to do things
a little differently. They maybe
want more classic ASP style.
Like what kind of stuff
could, could, could, could I
offer a classic ASP person
moving forward? Yeah. So, you
know, if you look beyond.net
for you look beyond visual
studio, 2010, you might ask,
you know, what, what is
the ASP net team thinking?
You know, we think that
we've got a really cool
platform in VC for the
pattern developer that wants full
control of markup of concerns.
You know, MVC is a
great solution for that. If
you're an enterprise guy and
you're building applications quickly, we've
got a great, great solution
with web forms for that.
But one of the areas
that I think we've kind
of left behind and we
need to look at it
again, is, Hey, I'm, I'm
just a simple guy and
I want to throw a
website together really quickly. I
know HTML really well, you
know, but I don't know
a bunch about controls and
I don't know about separation
of concerns and stuff like
that. How do I get,
Yeah, I know I four
loops and I know my,
if statements and I just,
I know HTML great. I'd
just like to get to
the site and maybe talk
to a database, you know,
for my little league or
something. Exactly. So I, I
would say one of the,
one of the pillars that
we're focusing on moving forward
is simplicity. Okay. And this
is saying, you know, Hey,
I just want to grab
an app, drop it into
directory and have it work.
You know, I don't want
to have a configuration file.
I don't want to, and
you know, I don't know
what page directives are. I
don't know what a code
behind is. I, when I,
when I first look at
one of these ASP files
and I see, you know,
public partial class, I'm like,
what is all that stuff
I don't even want to
compile? Exactly. I mean, you
know, I'm sure you did
this. I know I did
it, you know, years ago
is, was classic ASP. So
I'm not saying we're going
to go back to classic
ASP, but we are looking
at how we can provide
a simpler developer experience for
That's. Cool. So that's something
that potentially you're thinking about
going, going forward beyond, beyond
that for us or anything
else done it for you
didn't get in that you
wish you did, but you're
gonna come back to there's.
There's always stuff in Dutton
for that we wish we
got in and didn't get
back to him. I'm sure
there is. There's a backlog
that goes on forever. I'm
sure we can't talk too
much about, but what about,
is there a new respect
for web forms? Cause you
know, a lot of the
people are saying that maybe
the asp.net teams moved on
and it's all about MVC.
Now we talked about the
better markup and stuff like
that for, for web forms,
developers, but I mean, development
is continuing in earnest, right?
Yeah. I mean, I'm, you
really see this? I mean,
we have a white paper
up on the ESPN site.
If you just, if you
just being, you know, what's
new and.net for, it'll take
you to a white paper,
that'll show you a lot
of the things we're doing
in . And I think
it'll show that we did
a lot of work for
web forums addressing the common
customer complaints and web forms.
That's it? That is something
we always look at is
common customer pain points. We
got some stuff in, you
know, you'll see some stuff
in the future. And as
I said, you know, one
of the, one of the
things that you noticed yourself
was that you saw our
technology is kind of sliding
across all these different areas.
So it's not, not just
focusing on one particular area.
So I think what you're
going to see in the
future is you're going to
see us building, you know,
maybe helpers that, but there'll
be technology agnostic. You know,
you'll use the same helper,
whether you're in web forms,
whether you're an NBC, whether
you're an Ajax. Yeah. Well,
that's a really good example.
So like the Ajax stuff,
I was talking to Steven
Walther and he was showing
me some Ajax that was
going on with the a,
I guess they just released
preview 66. And I was
like, Oh, this is pretty
cool. And I was like,
yeah, but I am not
really into the whole ESPN
Ajax thing. And he says,
Oh no, but this is,
this is all JavaScript. It's
a client side library. Exactly.
That. And it just kind
of, it's like, wait a
second. Well, what about the
whole Ajax Microsoft thing? It's
like, well, no, but look
how I can make an,
a Microsoft Ajax control using
jQuery to do it. And
that was really kind of
cool to see the J
query syntax to create a
Microsoft Ajax control, toolkit control.
I don't know. I know
that the whole Microsoft openness
things creeping me out. Can
we be more closed please?
Because it's making me uncomfortable.
I think you're going to
see as a kid more
open, but, but you bring
up a good point. I
think, you know, if somebody
does go to go to
COVID Plex and downloads that
Ajax preview you'll find that
most of the samples in
there aren't, aren't ESPN, the
samples  files, there's nothing,
you know, restricting you to
use asp.net to use those
things. And so one of
the things that I think
that, you know, we've also
heard, heard from our customers
is, you know, we've got
this great Ajax control tool
kit out there, but when
you, when you hear the
word Ajax control toolkit, that
brings the notion of, Oh,
I can't use that because
I'm not using controls, I'm
using HTM files or I'm
using MVC. And the reality
is all that stuff is
actually usable from these other
technologies. We just haven't. And
that's where we kind of
bring the whole discussion forward
is that prescriptive guidance explaining
to people how to do
things, how it fits together.
I feel like, and I've
said this to people privately,
and I guess I'll say
it publicly in the podcast
that we're kind of starting
to get our technology thing
under control here. We're starting
to think. I was saying
that actually in Mexico last
week I was talking to
a large, a large soda
pop bottling company. And I
said that Microsoft with, with
2008 and even more with
2010 is starting to get
the Lego pieces, the right
size. Right. Not too big,
not too small. Right. You
know, you've got technologies that
finally work together cleanly. And,
and with, with like, like
a story at ado, tenet
data services, talking into MSA
jacks and binding into, you
know, working with NBC all
kind of white box technologies.
You know what I'm saying?
There's nothing hidden. There's no
magic. It's not like, you
know, drag, drag a grid
over and then poof Northwind
database. And then we walk
off the stage and drop
the mic. It's more a
that we're giving people a
collection of Legos that are
appropriately sized using open technologies
without any secrets behind it.
And that's like, now I
can start. I can build
a little, this, a little
of that. And it's freaking
people out because they want,
And there's more coming. I
mean, that's, that's exactly what
the program or we expect
in the future is, Hey,
I know HTML and I
want to use some coding
in it. I don't want
to have a, I don't
want to put something on
my page and go, what
does it do? Why does
it do it right? What's
this opaque blob here. Or
as you said, the worst
case is the, the demo
where, where, Hey, I've got,
I've got this demo. It's
like, God, I drag this
thing here. I wire this
thing to it. I walk
off the stage and then
you go, I want to
customize it. Good luck. Okay.
That's great. Can I sort
those calls? No, sorry. Yeah,
totally. Well, cool. Well, I
really appreciate You sitting down
with me today and having
a chat about ESPN at
four and hopefully we'll see
a beta too soon. Yeah.
Thank you very much. This
has been another episode of
Hansel minutes. See you again
next week.